Usage of G.91_Y: 
The G.91Y plays exactly like the G.91YS, the only main differences is the lack of a ballistic computer and air-to-air missiles. The G.91Y is capable of having a lot of power and energy potential, a great pilot will be able to learn its quirks relatively quickly and be able to use the aircraft's pros and cons to its advantage. The aircraft has great engines with afterburners however they aren't strong enough to allow you to go supersonic, so keep that in mind. Armament-wise, the aircraft is able to pretty much deal with anything it manages to get its cannons to hit, the 30 mm DEFAs aren't anything to scoff about. They're more than adequate to take planes down however getting to a plane whilst having to evade missiles and another aircraft at your battle rating might be extremely difficult for players who don't have the experience or lack situational awareness. The G.91Y retains the same suspended weapons as the YS, besides the lack of AIM-9Bs, the Y also has the capability of mounting 76 x FFAR Mighty Mouse rockets which provide the potential of low-altitude Boom & Zooming on trucks, anti-aircraft artillery, light tanks and even enemy fighters attempting an airfield capture, though this does not come without a cost. When dropping in low on ground targets, the fighter sacrifices its speed and manoeuvrability for that ordnance. The G.91 Y also can outfit a few bombs so the Y could also get the role of base bomber following up by attacking enemy fighters, but even still it isn't always reliable and can be easily intercepted from any other supersonic fighter jets patrolling the area. When it comes to ground close air support you will need to learn how to spot enemy AA and focus on taking them out and giving you and your team air superiority during the match. The Fiat G.91Y can take out enemy tanks with the bombs and rockets, however its best if you save them for stronger foes or a cluster of enemies especially due to the lack of a ballistic computer. Your main 30 mm armament is more than capable of taking out light vehicles such as M113s and BMPs. The cannons can be used instead for quick head-ons and to mop any remaining opponents at close-range.
