Usage of Pz.III_N_(Italy): 
One of the most effective ways to play the Pz.III N is as either a brawler or support tank. As a brawler you'll essentially be one of the few people on your team leading the charge against the enemy team. Unlike other Italian tanks at a similar battle rating, you actually have somewhat of a reliable armor that can come in very useful when charging the enemy, especially by surprise due to the enemy being caught off-guard and likely misplacing their initial shot. Although its speed is not really the best, with powertrain and engine upgrades that improve the mobility of the tank, you should still be able to keep up fairly well on a flat surface. Protection-wise, make sure you angle your tank if you are not charging the enemy, this will increase your chances of survival. The main asset when playing in the brawler role is your 75 mm KwK37 cannon. This cannon can easily make short work with the majority of the enemies you'll be facing at your BR. Sadly, its stock rounds are not the best so new players might struggle to penetrate from time to time. Once you have unlocked the Hl.Gr 38C HEAT round, you'll be easily taking out enemies frontally. This again will aid you heavily when playing as a brawler. As a support tank, you'll be providing essential support for your team which will greatly increase your chances to get a victory. The support role can be played in many ways, for example some players prefer to get to a good vantage point at the start of the map, usually a place that overlooks key points of a map, such as a capture zones or enemy spawn points. Others prefer to stay behind the main line of tanks leading the charge, and coming in either to assist teammates in eliminating enemy vehicles or by flanking enemy positions to get the edge over them whenever you manage to spot them. It is also recommended that you bring either a back-up vehicle or a strike aircraft in the case you end up perishing during the fight. One of the main weaknesses of this tank is when you're detected or ranged by a tank or tank destroyer (assuming they have an angle that negates your cover's protection), your armor will not protect you from powerful guns. Your sides are the most vulnerable part of the vehicle, so always keep it in mind wherever you are going, as your average speed will make you an easy target for enemy snipers. Also, keep in mind which game mode you are playing, as in Arcade Battles enemies can easily find out where you are located due to the name tag showing up above you, and are able to quickly find out where your weak spots are.
