Usage of VRCC: 
The VRCC-105 is a great tank destroyer than can be truly difficult to take out when used by a player that knows both its pros and cons. The VRCC's wheeled configuration offers the player a vehicle which not only is highly mobile, but a vehicle which can support its team in several ways. As a support vehicle the VRCC has access to the binoculars which are able to scout enemy players. Make sure to remain hidden whilst doing this, allowing your team to know where enemies are will ultimately mean that their situational awareness will rise and keep you and the rest of the team safe. Another way the VRCC 105 can scout is with the scout drone mechanic that all players who have bought the vehicle get access to from the get-go. With the scouting drone you are able to bring out a small drone to spot enemies and do battlefield survailance. There is some cons to doing this however, when using the scouting drone you remain defenceless, at the mercy of the enemy team and the protection of your own teamates. Make sure when using it you are hidden or somewhere safe. The pros of using this support drone are quite a lot, for starters it heavily complements your anti-tank gameplay. When using the VRCC 105 you should base your playstyle on speedy stealth flanking strikes or reconnaissance (scouting) with a sharp emphasis on sniping. You have access to a more than capable 105 mm cannon with the ability to fire APFSDS and HEAT rounds. The cannon can pretty much deal with anything your will encounter, as long as you know your enemies weakspots. When it comes to armor, you don't have much to work with sadly. The VRCC is only able to withstand machine-gun fire and at times take hits from low level auto-cannon fire. You do have access to a thermal imaging device, this will be one of the more useful items in your arsenal and will allow you to better spot enemies from behind cover, as well as quickly engage and disengage without exposing yourself long enough for the enemy to see you coming. Though this movement flexibility comes with the loss of armour protection as previously mentioned, you can play well with this vehicle if you are able to master its playstyle.
