Description of Pz.II_C: 
The Panzerkampfwagen II Ausführung C (Panzer II C) (Sd.Kfz. Index: Sd.Kfz. 121) is the third variant of the Panzer II light tank family. Both the Panzer I and II light tank families were seen as interim solutions until the introduction of advanced tanks, particularly the Panzer III and IV medium tank families. Despite this, Panzer IIs remained in duty throughout World War II, serving as the principal light tank in German service and as a scout, despite the fact that many wheeled vehicles performed this specialized task significantly better. The Panzer II light tank family's origins may be traced back to 1934 when the Waffenamt (military ordnance agency) realized that difficulties in the manufacturing of the Panzer III and IV medium tanks necessitated the development of a new design that could rapidly replace the outdated Panzer I light tanks. The accepted design was essentially an expanded Panzer I with a turret mounting the new Rheinmetall Kampfwagenkanone (KwK) 30 L/55 20 mm autocannon. The armament was based on a 20 mm Flugabwehrkanone (Flak) 30 anti-aircraft autocannon with a fire rate of 600 rpm. As the Spanish Civil War demonstrated, a significant increase in armour was required, and the early variants of Panzer II had integral 14 mm (0.55 in) homogeneous steel armour (10 mm/0.39 in top and bottom), which was adequate against shrapnel and small bullets. It was, however, vulnerable to several high-velocity anti-tank guns at the period. The Panzer II C variant was ordered to keep the factories working until the Panzer III and Panzer IV medium tanks could be mass-produced. The only noticeable difference between Panzer II variants A, B and C is a new enhanced vision port and slight improvements in crew protection. To keep the 50 mm bulletproof glass in place, it had two conical beaded bolts on the face plate and two huge bolts above and below it. It retained a 20 mm KwK30 L/55 autocannon capable of firing armour-piercing (AP) and high-explosive (HE) ammunition. In 1940, more armour was added to the tank's hull and turret. In 1941, the commander's cupola was installed. The addition of armour to the front hull glacis plates transformed the hull's appearance from a curved frontal armoured hull to an angular shape.
