Usage of Ariete_PSO: 
The C1 Ariete PSO has access to a decent round, the DM53 which is able to take care of most top tier MBT's it will face. This specific Ariete has the PSO armour installed, which depending on the angle of the shot, can also protect itself against some 125 mm APFSDS and the majority of low level IFV autocannon fire. Due to the kit which you cannot remove, the Ariete PSO won't win any races with its mobility especially when compared to other NATO MBT's. The best playstyle for the Ariete PSO especially when you are just starting out with it, would be more a supportive one which involves flanking manoeuvres or to stick with your better armoured teammates who can withstand hits from enemy tanks such as Leopard 2A6's. Since the Ariete PSO is one of the weakest top tier MBTs for its battle rating, it is advised to keep your distance and try pick enemies from far away, the PSO can easily sit back and use its powerful DM53 APFSDS round to take care of enemies at range with one hit if you aim right. One great plus about the PSO is that if you are deciding to snipe and an enemy vehicle takes you by suprise, the PSO armour can actually be very useful, it can protect you against a multitude of ATGM's and can negate most autocanon fire. If you are lucky you will have enough time to react and take care of the enemy, most top tier MBT weak spots are present at the lower front of the vehicle. If you manage to flank the enemy team, go for the sides or where the ammunition is stored as that also will usually get rid of an enemy quickly. When playing aggressive you need to rely on fast reflexes otherwise there is a good chance that the 1st hit from a enemy will cripple you or knock you out of battle. The Ariete PSO also has an additional PSO modification but it really doesn't change much so it is not needed. The Ariete PSO also has access to commanders thermals, something the previous vehicle (Ariete (P)) does not have. This will be one of the most useful items in your arsenal and will allow you to better spot enemies from behind cover, as well as quickly engage and disengage without exposing yourself long enough for the enemy to see you coming. If you can master this technique, you'll be able to still be useful despite technically being at a disadvantage when compared to other MBT's. Remember that in Arcade Battles, enemies can easily find out where you are with your name tag and where your weak spots are.
